hey guys are you super cereal here
before the video starts I just wanted to
let you know we have a livestream going
on this Saturday from 4 to 8 p.m. more
details after the video little Winky he
knifed me JJ where are you I will find
you and I was in the fucking well
seconds later I have a great time
oh that is fucking priceless hey guys
sorry for the short video here shorter
video but I just couldn't really find
not too many people play a gun game on
black ops 2 anymore it's only like a
couple thousand people there's really
rare that you run into people that talk
and when they do talk it's even rarer
that they rage but that was too
hilarious not to show but I just didn't
have enough video footage to make an
entire video so about the livestream I'm
going to be playing some video games I'm
not sure if it's going to be Garry's Mod
or Xbox I wanted to be Xbox but if not
I'm going to just do something like
Garry's Mod or something because not
entirely sure how to livestream on xbox
but I'll try to figure that out and it
will be with one of my IRL friends so
it'll be her and I playing some video
games this Saturday so yeah and also
also big announcement so I'm in this
tournament called the King of Comedy
I'll leave a link to the video telling
more about it in the description but
basically what it is is there's like a
bracket and I'm in it and it's very
important that you guys go vote for me
when on this Saturday I think it is that
though release one of my videos and
there's a section of the thing to
whether or not I go in the next round by
voting so what you guys are going to
need to do is be sure to watch that
video on Saturday I'll leave a link to
the channel that will be posted on I'm
not sure what time but I'll say it in
the livestream - to go vote for me
because I really want to do this if we
win this then I'll be super happy
because I know that I'm able to win the
King of Comedy so yeah you guys will
have a big decision in that I'm just
kind of rambling at this point I don't
know not to organized what I was gonna
say so yeah so the King comedy be sure
to vote for me on Saturday also on
Saturday from 4 to 8 p.m.
ish it might be a little bit later start
than for my end a little bit earlier
than 8 I'm not sure
but that's Central Time by the way so if
you're on the East Coast like in New
Jersey or Florida or something then then
it's like five to nine and if you're in
California then it's like what is that
two to six so yeah uh yeah that's about
it and again like I said I'm sorry that
I ended the video a little too short but
I just couldn't figure out how to end
this or put it into a video so yeah
livestream this Saturday and be sure to
vote for me thank you for watching be
sure to leave a like if you enjoyed and
I'll see you guys on Saturday or my next
video whichever comes first